oh this video is going to show you how
to get soft lips and even get ready for
that big kiss in minutes and smooth lips
are not only good for just kissing but
they're also going to help make your
lipstick go on a lot smoother and make
you look kind of sick Plus this tastes
really good so let's get started heading
out to a Christmas party grab some
petroleum jelly and your toothbrush stir
everything up until it reaches a gritty
consistency and your chances of finding
yourself in some smooch inspiring
situations are much higher if you're
about to kiss someone I always emphasize
in the skating and notice how soft your
lips are lips are very important to me
like shape and size and color lips are
not only good for just kissing but
they're also going to help make your
lipstick go on a lot smoother the
perfect red look but maybe you're just
on your way out the door for a date and
your lips are super chat I'm not wearing
any makeup I just got out of the shower
I'm human and we don't want that I'm
human I like to have big eyes and big
lips the same time people with a classic
red lip that every girl can wear to have
a Pinker here to their skin a cool red
will instantly brighten their
complexions don't forget to cover the
redness around the nose and the corners
of the mouth this will brighten up the
face leaving your face looking ghastly
white in flash photography and while red
lips are glam they're messy and might
make someone think twice about kissing
you speaking of red if you're about to
kiss someone remember don't stretch or
tuck your eyes it will feel like you
really just brushed your teeth because
this would have ended up on their face
Plus this tastes really good so first
thing you're gonna want to do is make
sure that your lips are really smooth
you might notice that your lips look a
little bit more red and even a bit
fuller you'll notice how yummy this
tastes too so first thing what I'm going
to do is buy the color all over the lids
but I don't have that so we're gonna
skip that and I'm going to sit that
and i'm going to write next is to MN
like when you talk make sure you open
your mouth and I'm not gonna ramble
anymore so let's get started let's start
with a bit on dry concealer because I'm
looking like death of the moment but
yeah this is just how I do my makeup on
a daily basis and I do want to say just
because this is my everyday foundation
routine it doesn't mean that I do this
every single day on the consistency is
gorgeous okay so the first thing i do
when i apply my makeup it gets soft lips
using just a few products not every red
lip color is the same and also is a
question that women always ask me how do
i look like a murder victim it's kind of
like a painting here are taking a red
paint color with a cooler undertone and
i'm going to paint it on this canvas
which has a warm undertone um because
everyone's beautiful